[Music]
I'm Kane I'm the WWE's biggest baddest
superstar and I'm here to talk about
Smackdown vs. raw 2010
yeah to a gamer that's one of the
coolest things ever you know is to be on
a videogame and just be able to play
yourself except when somebody beats you
which that's not cool at all but it was
really it was really neat to you know to
see yourself in video games it's like
been one of the highlights in a career
oh don't have someone come out and take
pictures of us stills which the artists
I guess will then paint over the digital
skeletons they do a pretty good job I
mean it really is a it really is
impressive all the things that they're
able to do so yeah I think it's a last
year's version was very realistic and I
think this year's will be even more so
and then also we do the we do the
voiceovers for the game and actually the
people from THQ will to ask especially
the guys that they know the play they'll
ask us things that we think should be in
the game so you know we're able to have
in that way a little bit of creative
input the entrances some of the
different things you can do like develop
your own finishing moves even look out
in the crowd and people are holding up
signs and all that sort of stuff and the
the commentators talking it's it's very
very very impressive
I'm dominant I can take a lot of
punishment and my moves are uh they
inflict a lot of punishment to M plus
plus it's just me so it's awesome I
always win no one else will play me
because if they beat me to know they're
in trouble
I started playing space invaders okay so
yeah that was the first stuff space
invaders defender asteroids you know
we're just basically two-dimensional
graphics and and that's about it and
then to see where it's come to today
especially I remember the first video
game that I was in and this would have
been like 1998 on the ps1 and then to
see where it is today and how much more
realistic and how much better the
animations are and how much more complex
the gameplay is just as far as the
things that you can do and the move
combinations and sets and things like
that
it's it's just incredible I was one time
playing a first person shooter though on
my PC and you were able to put different
skins on your character I made my own
skin of me in this it was a it was like
a 1930s gangster motif and I was able to
make my own this is still when I was
wearing a mask so it was actually me
running around in a first-person shooter
which was was uh really really really
cool and one other person caught on to
it you know I'd love to actually knew
that was me playing the guy but they're
wrestling Fantuz they you know we were
doing a chat and he was throwing stuff
out there so that would that was pretty
good
I'm not as hardcore they used to be I
used to play all the time and he's
plenty anything
I also else like the sports games
especially like the football games and
used to be big into in fact a lot of the
guys were actually a play to football
games too but I'm probably somewhere in
the middle
[Applause]
I think it's important for people of
course to uh you know be moderate and
everything they do so I wouldn't have to
get anyone spending all their time in
front of uh you know in front of a
television playing video games but by
the same token I think you know it's a
good release and it's a good
entertainment so done in moderation I
see nothing wrong with it I go to the
gym I exercise my mind to you know I
read and and do that sort of thing so
you know I mean I said it's definitely
not something you should spend all of
your time doing but if you have fun and
you enjoy doing it you know I think you
should indulge yourself to that extent
[Applause]
well right now the great khali and I
have had had some run-ins so I've been
practicing on the video game and seeing
you know giving some ideas of what I can
do to them when I give it a murrain I
can do stuff in the video game that I
never imagined myself doing in the ring
real-life but uh uh yeah I'm pretty I'm
pretty good in the video game but I am
probably better impressed
[Applause]
am i a bad guy or big softie at heart I
want to find out the answer to that
question
[Music]